[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
We've got an amazing
program for you.
Gaia Chinniah is with us, a
medium and certified past life
regression therapist.
After experiencing a
very profound awakening
at the age of 33, and
she'll tell us about that,
she established her own
healing company called Soul 33.
Through her unique soul
progression therapy approach,
Gaia communicates messages
from spirit guides,
applies energy medicine,
and delves into past lives
to gain insight into
the soul's blueprint.
Gaia, you do it all.
Welcome to "Beyond Belief."
>>GAIA CHINNIAH: Thank you so
much for having me, George.
I've come here all the
way from New Zealand.
>>NOORY: This is amazing.
That's a long poke.
>>CHINNIAH: It is.
>>NOORY: 33, what happened?
>>CHINNIAH: I came from a
corporate background, George.
I have a master's degree,
a television presenter
as well in Australasia,
Australia and New Zealand.
And at the age of 33, I had a
product distribution company
in Asia.
And I was traveling up and down
between New Zealand and Asia
very, very frequently.
And I would go back
to New Zealand,
and I would have these amazing,
traditional Maori healing
massages with an Indigenous
healer in New Zealand.
So I'd go there for my bodywork.
And after the age of
33, I went to see her.
And she was working
on my body the way
that she normally would.
And she said to me something's
changed about you Gaia.
And I said, what do you mean?
And she said next time you come
over I want you to work on me.
So I sort of looked at her
a bit perplexed, George.
And I didn't really
know what she meant.
>>NOORY: She wanted
you to work on her?
>>CHINNIAH: That's right.
So, basically, we were
swapping positions.
And so I went to Asia
and did my thing.
And I came back to New
Zealand completely forgetting
what she had said to me.
And I went over
to her clinic just
to receive my normal
massage that I'd go for.
And she was lying on the
massage table fully clothed
with her little
puppy on top of her.
And she said to me, do
what you know how to do.
So I was sort of looking at
her going I don't understand
what that means.
>>NOORY: You didn't
know what to do.
>>CHINNIAH: No, I
didn't know what to do.
But she seemed to innately
trust in my abilities, which
I didn't know I had until then.
And in that moment,
I can literally
say that something
completely took over me.
And I was able to see all the
cells in her body, George.
I could smell her disease.
I could see future
things coming up for her,
which she completely
validated because I had
tears streaming down my face.
>>NOORY: And that's never
happened to you before?
>>CHINNIAH: It never
happened to me in this way.
Mediums had told me in the
past as a 20-something year
old when I was attending
mediumship readings to find out
more about myself,
that I was intuitive.
But I never knew it was going
to be in such a profound way.
So with this
Indigenous healer, she
allowed me to look at her
from a soul perspective.
And I was able to
tell her things
that she didn't
know about herself
and confirmed certain things.
>>NOORY: Just like that.
>>CHINNIAH: Just like that.
And I remember leaving
there incredibly
overwhelmed and
upset because I felt
like I had no control
over what was happening.
And it was quite funny, George.
I went home and I
rang my partner.
And I said to him you need
to come home because I think
something's happening to me.
Something's wrong.
>>NOORY: Help, help.
>>CHINNIAH: It literally was.
And I remember him coming home.
And he said what's happened?
And I said I can see.
And he said, what
does that mean?
And I said, I seem to be able
to see beyond the physical.
And, George, ever
since then, this gift
has become even more profound.
It seems to grow
every single year
as I graduate different levels
of my spiritual ascension.
And from there, I chose to
give up my corporate career
and go full time into Soul 33,
and soul progression therapy
is what was birthed
through this awakening.
>>NOORY: Was that a difficult
decision for you to make?
>>CHINNIAH: I have to
be honest with you.
It was at the time because
who I thought I was
and who I really
am were completely
two different things, George.
I grew up in a community
where tertiary education
was important and having
a career was important.
And I think my ego was
tied up into who I was.
And I had to disappoint
my ego and go truly
into my heart space and find my
passion and fulfill my purpose.
And my soul realized
that I had this purpose
to be able to help people find
their path by understanding
who they really are.
And people of all walks
of life all over the world
seek me out for my
services now, George.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
Initially, did your
friends and colleagues
think there's something
wrong with Gaia?
She's flipped out on us.
>>CHINNIAH: To be
honest, George, others
didn't seem to be as
surprised as I was.
I probably was more surprised
than everybody else around me.
I think when I look back, people
naturally always came to me
with situations seeking
advice and guidance,
asking me to use my intuition.
I just didn't realize that
it was anything connected
to the spiritual realm.
And I grew up in a Hindu
family and the Hindu faith.
>>NOORY: Which is
very spiritual.
>>CHINNIAH: Very,
So we did have a lot of
rituals and ceremonies.
But as a young person
growing up in that community,
I never questioned
what they were for.
And after the age
of 33, I started
to open my eyes up to all the
different modalities and all
the different faiths
and what they mean.
And everything
started to integrate.
And I became a lot more
aware of what I was doing
and what I was doing it for.
>>NOORY: I love your
name, by the way.
>>CHINNIAH: Thank you.
>>NOORY: It reminds me of
this company that we work for.
>>CHINNIAH: I know.
It's a beautiful coincidence.
>>NOORY: What does
it mean to you?
>>CHINNIAH: So in
my culture, Gaia
is the ultimate
mother, the goddess.
And so, obviously, in other
cultures, such as Greek,
it's the goddess of the Earth.
So my parents gave me a name
that I truly embodied in my 30s
as I found this ability and
became more of who I am.
>>NOORY: Gaia,
what's the difference
between soul progression versus
past life regression therapy?
>>CHINNIAH: Sure.
So past life regression
therapy, which I'm also--
that's a trained ability to
be able to induce a client
to access past lives themselves.
That process can take
quite a lot of time
for a person to be open and to
be put in a state of relaxation
to be able to go back in time.
Part of my ability,
George, which
happens when I see a
client for the first time,
is that I have two portals
that open up for me.
The first portal that
opens up is a connection
to the universe where I invite
in spirit guides, ancestors,
past life connections
that my client
has had since birth
and previous births.
And the second
portal that opens up
is my ability to travel
to different timelines.
So the difference between what I
do and say past life regression
is I am literally
going through a portal
and standing in a different
realm at a different time
and much like a set
that we're in today.
And I will be able
to very, very vividly
describe to a client who
they are, what they're doing,
what they're experiencing.
And 99% of the time,
George, because I
don't know any background
about my clients
who attend my sessions,
they will say to me,
oh my goodness, the same thing
is happening to me right now.
Yes, I did get married
and divorced at 20 years.
And I do have a
son and a daughter
or I do have that disease now.
So when I travel to
these different realms,
it's a very, very
real experience for me
because I can smell, I can
sense, I can taste, I can feel.
I can fully embody
who that person was.
And I'm able in a very
short period of time
to give a client that
blueprint in order
for them to understand
their story.
And I think as
individuals, George,
we all are looking to
understand who we are
and why we are the
way that we are.
And so with my
mediumship abilities,
I am able to access that
past life information
and deliver it to you.
And my healer ability is able
to transmute any energy that
may be stuck in those realms
that are preventing someone
from progressing their soul
in this particular lifetime.
>>NOORY: Is it easy for
this to coexist together?
>>CHINNIAH: Absolutely.
You mean past life regression?
>>NOORY: Past life
and the healing.
>>CHINNIAH: There's a place
for both of those modalities
to work together,
and hence why I
will dip in and out of both
depending on the client
that I have.
But I find with soul
progression and my ability
to look at the soul
blueprint, it's
a really great snapshot of what
has happened to you to explain
a lot of why experiences
are happening for you
in this particular lifetime
because we just keep repeating
things over and over again.
>>NOORY: Because that happens.
>>CHINNIAH: It does.
And a lot of people just
don't understand why.
So when I'm able to
go in and say, look,
without knowing what the
client has experienced,
this is what's happened
to you in the past.
How does this resonate
with you in this lifetime?
And they're almost in shock
and also really validates
why they've had
certain experiences
and what they meant
to learn from that.
So my ability is the ability to
rise above and have perspective
on a whole situation as well
as in a very practical way
communicate that to the
client so they actually
can do something
about it and be aware.
Because when you have awareness,
you can change everything.
>>NOORY: That's true.
What do you see generally Gaia
when you work on a client?
>>CHINNIAH: I
initially-- when I work
on a client, the
first thing I will see
will be a blueprint
of lifetimes before.
So that gives both
me and the client
insight into who they are, why
they are the way that they are.
The second part of
a session for me
is I'll start to see
future potentials.
So the spirit guides as
well as the client soul
will be communicating with me
because the client's soul is
like a database of infinite
wisdom and knowledge.
So I plug into that.
And I will start to see the
potentials the clients will
have for their future, so things
like future relationships,
future career, future
diseases in the body
they need to be wary of now.
So the future
potentials will depend
on what the client needs to
hear not what they want to hear.
>>NOORY: Fascinating.
>>CHINNIAH: Yeah, so
after that part of it,
I will do a body scan
of the entire body.
So because my abilities--
>>NOORY: By looking at them?
>>CHINNIAH: By looking at them.
So I have spirit surgeons
that work with me.
And I have one in particular
that will stand beside me.
And I'm able to use
my psychic scent
to be able to smell any
diseases in the body.
Now my job is--
>>NOORY: Like a dog
can smell cancer?
>>CHINNIAH: Exactly.
>>NOORY: That kind of thing.
>>CHINNIAH: It's exactly
the same for me, George.
I can smell cancer,
and I can often
smell cancer before I even know
who my client is for the day.
>>NOORY: Smell me.
>>CHINNIAH: But, yeah,
so I can smell it.
And I can also see the
blockages in the body.
So when I provide that sort
of insight to a client,
and especially if I've seen
it in the soul blueprint,
they can actually be
proactive to speak
to their medical professionals
and do what they need
to do to enable themselves to
find that balance in this life
and break the karmic cycle
because with my abilities,
I also can see why they may
be repeating certain diseases.
Because Louise
Hay's famous work--
>>NOORY: God rest her soul.
>>CHINNIAH: And such an
amazing healer she was.
There's always a reason why
things manifest in the body.
And so when I'm able
to see them plus
have a look at why and
where they've come from
and what that could
be for the future,
it really gives the client a
lot of information to work with.
And I just find that this whole
process of soul progression
therapy is a very
succinct way of a client
to receive spiritual but
practical information to be
able to ensure that they're
living a life that is full
of love, and
fulfillment, and purpose
and not repeating things that
are causing them sabotage,
or grief, or pain, or
suffering, which all of us
experience on some level.
So I'm there to help
people break those patterns
as well as be aware of them.
>>NOORY: Well, let's listen
to some of your clients
and what they say about the
work you've done with them.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>> When I went to see Gaia, it
was an experience that I had
never had before.
It was healing.
It involved intuitive
information, past life
regression.
>> Having the past lives show
up was really interesting.
It was really interesting
because the lives that
showed up for me
were the ones that
dealt with this reluctant
path that I was on.
>> I was at a real crossroads
in life at the time.
And one of the things I was
really looking to achieve
was to become a mother.
And at that stage, I had no idea
how that was going to happen.
>> I needed to make sure that I
was spending as much time with
my mom as possible because
she was battling cancer
at the time.
>> At one point Gaia turned
to me while she was channeling
and she said, you know
you're a healer, right?
It was very matter of fact.
And I'd never had anyone
directly look at me
and say something so
profound and something
that I knew so deeply but
couldn't say out loud.
>> Right from the start, Gaia
was able to see that there was
a child in spirit
waiting to come in.
Just there was a
little bit of work
for me to do before
that happened.
>> She could smell illness when
I walked in, and that's not
my illness.
It was my mom's illness.
She just knew my first name.
That's it.
So there was no way to find
out anything about me online
or through other
friends or people.
>> What happened specifically
for me was the noise
and the chaos and sort of how
I see this sort of residual goo
that I've brought into this life
from all these past lives were
now clearing away,
and we're cleaning.
>> A year to the day after
our first appointment for IVF,
our beautiful son was born.
>> The way that she sees who
you are is something that you
really cannot get in
your day-to-day life.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: Amazing.
>>CHINNIAH: Thank you, George.
>>NOORY: What does
disease smell like?
>>CHINNIAH: The first time I
smelt it, George, I alluded it
to the smell of death.
And I know that it's
a very hard thing
to understand when I say
something smells like death.
But it is a smell of decay.
It is a smell of--
>>NOORY: Rotten?
>>CHINNIAH: It's a foul smell.
>>NOORY: Like eggs?
>>CHINNIAH: Yes, there is
a bit of a sulfury type
of scent to it.
But it's very, very distinctive.
And like I said, sometimes
before I even see a client
or know who's
coming, spirit starts
to give me that information
before a client attends
so that I can start to
really feel that person
and understand that person.
The gift that I've
been given, George,
is to really see someone for who
they are and reflect that back
at them.
>>NOORY: You don't
hold back, do you?
>>CHINNIAH: I don't hold back.
I tell it the way it is.
But this is what makes
my service so popular
is because people find it hard
to hear the truth sometimes.
But the truth sets you free.
And that's how you break away
from all the previous cycles
that you had and can
step into your power
as I've stepped into mine.
>>NOORY: You've been able to
communicate with unborn souls
as well.
How does that work?
>>CHINNIAH: This is one
of the most favorite parts
of my job, George.
Communicating with
the souls of babies
is the most purest
form of consciousness
you can ever have.
One of the biggest things I
see and why people seek me out,
especially women,
is that they want
to know whether there is
a child there for them,
if they're able to conceive,
if they're going to experience
any complications.
When I meet someone and
a child steps forward,
there are many,
many occasions where
I can tell the parent the
child's name, the gender, when
they're going to be
born, perhaps even
how many miscarriages the
parent, the mother might have.
>>NOORY: While it's
in the womb, right?
>>CHINNIAH: Sometimes
even prior to the womb.
But--
>>NOORY: Even before conception?
>>CHINNIAH: Before conception.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>CHINNIAH: So sometimes
it's before conception.
And sometimes mothers will
book sessions with me who
have got the baby in the womb.
Because I always
say to my clients
women will go for scans
to have a look at the baby
and the health of the baby.
But one of the biggest
privileges you have
is to nurture the soul
that has chosen you
to be the mother or the parent.
And getting insight that I'm
able to get about that child
really enables you to support
the soul progress of that child
because for me, I
think it's very, very
important information to know
why has this child chosen me?
What is this child going to
need from me to be the best
version of themselves possible?
So with my ability, the
spirit of their child
plus the client's
spirit guides will
give me a lot of information
and especially if people have
had complicated pregnancies.
I've had several clients who
have had several miscarriages.
It can give them
a lot of insight
when I've looked
at the blueprint
to tell them why they're
having these miscarriages.
>>NOORY: Why this is happening.
>>CHINNIAH: Because
it's horrible to have
these kind of experiences and
not understand what's this for.
>>NOORY: It's emotional.
>>CHINNIAH: It's
horribly emotional
to lose a child during
pregnancy or even
after pregnancy or whenever.
But because we're talking
about unborn souls,
it's one of the most
beautiful parts of my job
is when these children
come in and tell me
I've chosen this mother.
They know their names.
And they know why
they're coming to Earth.
And the new beings that
we're getting here on Earth
are very, very enlightened
children that are coming in.
And so our job as parents is
to really nurture that being
and to support the society
that we live in now.
>>NOORY: Do you deal, Gaia,
with people who are suicidal?
>>CHINNIAH: I do.
So part of my--
>>NOORY: It's not easy.
>>CHINNIAH: It's not easy.
So I'm very fortunate
to be able to feel
the emotions and feelings
of another individual.
So for me, I will
know when someone
is suffering from mental health
or is having suicidal feelings
because spirit guides will
amplify that feeling inside me.
And I know then that it's
not my feeling to hold on to.
It's my feeling to transmute
and clear for that client.
So often if I'm feeling like
that, my first or second client
for the day, spirit
will say to me
this is the client that is
having these kind of thoughts.
And then I'm able to see
through the soul blueprint
you have had these
thoughts before.
And it frees the soul of a
person to feel seen and heard,
George, that they're
not alone stuck in there
feeling these feelings.
>>NOORY: They start
feeling better.
>>CHINNIAH: They start feeling
better because I can feel it.
And I know how they feel.
And I just find
that many people who
have these suicidal
thoughts it's some form of I
want you to love me.
I want you to know who I am.
I want to be noticed.
And because I'm
able to feel that,
it can automatically
transmute the energy
of going my life
is worth living.
And everybody's life
We're all here because
we chose to be.
And when we're
connected to spirit,
we will always feel that
support and infinite love.
So when I do handle clients with
a sensitive issue like that,
it just gives them profound
healing and understanding
to be able to release
those feelings
and find the true meaning of how
their soul is meant to progress
from feeling those feelings.
>>NOORY: How does it
make you feel, Gaia,
when you have saved
somebody from committing
this heinous act?
>>CHINNIAH: I don't let my ego
get involved with what I do,
George.
I just find that I'm here to
be this medium, and healer,
and soul progression
therapist for my clients.
I feel grateful that
that person has trusted
in me to be so open
and vulnerable to allow
me to feel them and see them
for who they really are.
So it's an overwhelming feeling
of gratitude and pure love
that I feel.
It can be challenging on me.
But it's also a great,
great privilege.
>>NOORY: How do you help
people make that transition
to learn more about
the spirit world?
>>CHINNIAH: So each and
every time a client sees me,
and I have many
regular clients, there
are always messages
that come through
from deceased loved ones.
And with transitioning-- I
mean, we all experience death.
None of us are
going to skip that.
We have people who
pass away in our lives.
>>NOORY: We're all
going to be there.
No rush.
No rush to get there.
>>CHINNIAH: No rush at all.
>>NOORY: We're all
going to get there.
>>CHINNIAH: We're all
So when I'm helping someone
transition into spirit,
it's from two
different perspectives.
It's either a client has come to
me because they've experienced
death in their life.
And I always like to
clarify this, George,
death doesn't mean
physical death.
Death can be the ending of
something like a relationship
in your life or we die in a--
>>NOORY: Or a
career or something.
>>CHINNIAH: Exactly.
So we're reborn and die so
many times in our lifetimes
without the physical
body perishing.
So when I help
people transition,
it can be through the
physical loss of the body
where we have this understanding
of what you were here
to learn and free yourself,
and also just recently
supporting my partner and my
mother-in-law who passed away.
>>NOORY: I'm sorry to hear that.
>>CHINNIAH: Yeah, it
was a very, very--
>>NOORY: How old was she?
>>CHINNIAH: 78.
>>NOORY: Yeah, that's young now.
>>CHINNIAH: It was very young.
And it was a very, very quick
decline because of cancer.
But it was for me the first
time on this side of death
where I was there
for the last breath.
And as a healer, I could
feel myself holding space
for this transition of the soul.
>>NOORY: Did you see her die?
>>CHINNIAH: I did,
and I could see
who was there waiting for her.
But as her body was
releasing energy,
I could see lifetimes
before that she
didn't want to hold on to
that was going into my body.
I could feel lessons
that she didn't want
to be burdened with anymore.
And at the end of it, she
was left with this lightness
to be able to relinquish the
body and liberate herself.
And so the transition
into spirit
when we have this consciousness
that there's so much
more after death can really give
us comfort because often when I
see a client who has
experienced death of a partner,
or a parent, or a child, they
can often shut down, George.
They can shut down
and stop believing.
>>NOORY: It's grief.
It's not easy.
>>CHINNIAH: It's not easy.
And so to be able to
process that grief
and understand it
from a medium, healer,
and how the grief is meant
to progress your soul,
it really can help
people use that grief
to find love rather than
use that grief to hold back
from love.
>>NOORY: And that's
a big difference.
>>CHINNIAH: It's
a huge difference
because people can live
in that grief state.
Grief plagues all
of us, and it will.
But it's how we use that
to empower ourselves
rather than to hold us back.
>>NOORY: Can you
reprogram yourself
to make yourself a little
more spontaneous with this?
>>CHINNIAH: I really
feel that you can.
I mean, even through
my own journey.
I mean, I learn every
single client that I have.
I learn from spirit.
I learn from my client.
I learn from my own wisdom.
>>NOORY: You're still learning.
>>CHINNIAH: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: We all are.
>>CHINNIAH: We all are.
And I think the
reprogramming comes
when you are able
to energetically let
go from within your body the
accumulation of karmic debt
for lack of a better
word because when
I do the body scan,
sometimes when
I'm working on a
person's physical body,
it causes me physical pain.
Now that's because there are
so many blockages in the body
that the client
hasn't let go of yet.
And so the reprogramming
comes in when
a person is
surrendering and letting
go in understanding that they
don't need to hold on to that
anymore.
As humans, we find it
very hard to let go.
>>NOORY: Do you have
the ability sometimes
to heal serious
medical conditions?
>>CHINNIAH: I do.
So because of the nature
of who I am as a healer,
I work energetically to
re-balance and reprogram
an individual's energetic field.
And it seems to have a positive
impact on the overall health--
>>NOORY: That's huge.
>>CHINNIAH: --and holistic
wellness on my clients.
So it's been a
wonderful privilege
to help them with whatever
medical issues they have.
>>NOORY: Well, we
have an example
at how you helped
a client recover
from a life-threatening disease.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>BETH: Hi.
My name is Beth, and I'm from
Christchurch, New Zealand.
At the end of 2020, I was
diagnosed with stage III
colorectal cancer just three
months after giving birth
to my beautiful baby girl.
It was such a shock.
I had no signs, no
symptoms, and had it not
been that I'd just given
birth to my daughter,
they never would have found it.
I was in absolute shock.
I was devastated.
And I was in the
fight of my life.
I underwent a really
intense regime
of treatment, which included
two major surgeries, radiation
therapy, and chemotherapy.
And by the end of the
treatment, I was broken.
It was brutal.
I was dealing with
a lot of trauma,
trauma from the diagnosis,
trauma from the treatment,
and trauma from not being able
to be a mom to my baby girl.
There were times
during the treatment
that I wasn't even able
to touch her with my skin.
So I was in a pretty bad place.
Once I'd finished my treatment,
a mutual friend of ours
had told me what Gaia was
doing now and about Soul 33
and that she was a healer.
And I immediately
knew I had to see her.
I was just guided to see her.
Gaia knew I was coming but had
no idea about any of my cancer
or what I'd been through.
She had no information.
She worked for hours
on me energetically.
She gave me the most
mind-blowing insights,
looked into past lives,
soul progression therapy.
It was life changing.
It was mind blowing.
I walked away just in utter awe.
It was one of the
best days of my life.
I walked away pain free, and
that pain has never come back.
I walked away feeling a
deep sense of healing,
both physically and mentally.
And I walked away with
all these amazing insights
and really practical
information about how I could
continue to help myself heal.
I'm now cancer free.
And I plan to stay that way.
And I have a lot of that reason
is because of Gaia and the way
that she's helped me to
heal both what she's done
and how she's helped
me to heal myself.
I'm still on my healing journey.
But I know that she's here
with me the whole way.
And I know that I'm going to
stay cancer free and be OK.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: That's wonderful.
>>CHINNIAH: It is.
>>NOORY: How does
that make you feel?
>>CHINNIAH: It makes me
feel emotional to be honest.
>>NOORY: I don't blame you.
You saved her life.
>>CHINNIAH: Yeah, I mean
I contributed to that.
But it's really
interesting when I
work with people with these
life-threatening diseases,
I actually feel the
disease in my body
after I finish
working with them.
>>NOORY: You take
on their symptoms.
>>CHINNIAH: I take it on.
So sometimes it can take me
a few days to release it all.
But it's a great privilege to be
able to do that for the client.
So it makes me feel emotional.
>>NOORY: So you ever see
the movie "The Green Mile?"
>>CHINNIAH: It's funny, George.
I often tell people
that it's amazing
that Stephen King
knew that that's
how-- it is exactly right.
Because when I release
an energy from my body
from working with clients,
it's exactly like John Coffey's
off "The Green Mile."
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>CHINNIAH: Exactly.
>>NOORY: When he would
open up his mouth
and those things would
fly out or come in.
Is that what happens to you?
>>CHINNIAH: Exactly the same.
It flies out of my body.
I can literally feel
it all coming out.
>>NOORY: How do you know that
you won't contract the disease
you've just taken
away from somebody.
>>CHINNIAH: With implicit
trust of the spirit
guides that work through me,
I'm always protected, George.
And so it also requires--
I mean, I do a lot of routines
and self-care practices
to make sure that my
body is pure and clean
as a vessel for these clients.
But it's pure
implicit trust that I
know that I am not to
hold on to somebody else's
energetic garbage for the--
>>NOORY: Have you ever
healed somebody and you
didn't feel good?
>>CHINNIAH: Oh, absolutely.
That happens a lot.
But it's the part
and parcel of my job.
>>NOORY: And then
you get rid of it.
>>CHINNIAH: And then
I get rid of it.
And that can take-- it depends--
like after the client
that we just saw,
it did take me a few days.
But it's given her a
life, and it's given her
the ability to be a mother.
And that's how you
progress a soul.
>>NOORY: What do
you think, Gaia,
you're tapping into to do all
these things that you've done?
What is it?
>>CHINNIAH: When
I connect before I
start working on a
client, I am connecting
with the ultimate
source of information.
And because the universe is
infinite and keeps expanding,
that knowledge
keeps expanding too.
So there are several spirit
guides that I do work with.
But I literally feel
a cord connected up
to the universe where
all of this information
is downloading into my
body, into my feelings,
into my thoughts to be
able to convey the messages
and facilitate the healing that
a client needs for their soul
progression in this lifetime.
>>NOORY: John of God
has these abilities.
>>CHINNIAH: He does.
>>NOORY: Now he has done some
stupid things in his life
that he went overboard
a little bit.
But he's a human.
>>CHINNIAH: He is a human.
We all are.
>>NOORY: Human beings do
stupid human being things.
But he has a power to heal.
>>CHINNIAH: He does.
>>NOORY: Is it God given?
>>CHINNIAH: I really feel it is.
I do feel-- there are many,
many healers in the world,
many amazing healers.
And I think that sometimes
the human nature, the ego
can get in the way.
And so it's very, very
important for a healer
to remain grounded
and remind ourselves
that we too are learning,
we too have our lessons.
You have to find the
right person for you.
But when you're connected
to your innate wisdom,
you will always meet the
right people, George.
You'll always meet
the right people.
>>NOORY: What is
a soul blueprint?
>>CHINNIAH: So a soul
blueprint for me is the cloth
that you are cut from.
So like how a home will have
a blueprint before it's built,
you too have a blueprint
within your soul
because for me, your soul
is a fragment of a larger
database in the universe.
So when I access
this blueprint, it's
showing me the experiences,
the lessons, and things
that somebody has experienced.
And I call that a blueprint
because that blueprint--
you're accumulating.
We're both accumulating
more to our blueprint just
sitting here and having this
experience with each other.
And so we're always
building on that blueprint.
And so for me, for
example, I'm always
trying to add positive,
enlightening things to my life
to add to that
blueprint because I know
very well that for
my next incarnation,
I want my blueprint to
be as pure as possible
to reduce the chances of
having to suffer and to just
find the lightness in life
and trust the flow in life.
So that blueprint is a very
important piece of information
that I can look at
for a client to be
able to navigate the future.
>>NOORY: When people who don't
know you realize what you do,
what's their reaction?
>>CHINNIAH: Everyone
responds quite differently.
99% of the time
people are very, very
receptive and inquisitive
about what I do.
Sometimes people can be
a little bit skeptical.
But I think why my service
has become very popular,
George, is because
I'm very, very
practical with my information.
And that's who I am
as a person as well.
>>NOORY: You're real.
>>CHINNIAH: I am.
I'm a very practical person, my
previous corporate background
just being a normal,
everyday person.
But now with this
other side of things,
people find me relatable.
People find me relatable.
So when people find out
what I do, most of the time,
they're very, very interested.
And what does that mean?
And how do you help people?
And where's your
information coming from?
>>NOORY: How did this start?
>>CHINNIAH: Yeah.
And I just think it gives people
a different way of looking
at things when they see me and
just see a woman that has gone
to university,
and has a partner,
and has family, and has
emotions like everybody else,
but also has this ability
to be able to really see
what life is about.
>>NOORY: Is it a
blessing or a curse?
>>CHINNIAH: It's most
definitely a blessing.
Once I had learned how to
set boundaries around it
and to protect myself, every
day is just such a gift
to be able to help people
in the way that I do.
>>NOORY: Does it surprise you?
>>CHINNIAH: Every client
surprises me, George.
I often laugh and
say to my clients,
I can't believe the things
that come out of my mouth
because they'll go, oh,
Gaia, that happened yesterday
or that's exactly what
I'm planning to do
or you told me three years ago
that this was going to happen,
and it's happening now.
So it really does blow me away.
And I love having that
naivety about my job
as well because it
keeps me learning,
and it keeps me understanding.
None of us know it all.
And that's the
blessing in this job
is because it's
constant information
without needing to read or
needing to watch anything.
It's pure information that's
coming through for me.
>>NOORY: Well, we
saw your clients.
How long does it
take you to work
with them to get them healed?
>>CHINNIAH: It depends on
the person to be honest.
>>NOORY: A week, a month?
>>CHINNIAH: So I will
see a client for an hour
when I first meet them.
And sometimes that
can be enough.
But my regular clients who are
really interested in the soul
progression who want to move
past their previous karma
and understand what's coming
up for them and what it's for--
>>NOORY: They want
a total makeover.
>>CHINNIAH: They want
I'll see them every few
months for maybe half an hour.
But it really depends on what
the goal is for the client.
But when I meet a client
for the first time, George,
I don't get any information.
In fact, I don't let them speak
to me so that I can purely,
intuitively evaluate
their blueprint.
>>NOORY: You don't want them
to tip you off about anything.
>>CHINNIAH: Nothing
at all interesting.
So I don't get any information
so that I can purely
look at what from my
perspective they need from me.
And then as we
work together, they
will come to me
with various things
because they're more
aware at that time.
This came up with my partner.
Why did this come up?
And then I can go in and
have a look at the blueprint
and go, ah, right, you've had
this issue 17 lifetimes ago.
So let's go in and heal
that, and then that has
a profound experience
in their current life
because as a healer, I can go
in and take that energy out
and transmute it, transform
it, and place it in the body
where there's expansiveness.
So it really depends.
It depends on the
individual, how open
they are, what they're wanting.
But we evaluate
that as we go along.
>>NOORY: Well, Gaia,
a cancer victim
is on a different timetable
than somebody else who has
some colon issue or something.
>>CHINNIAH: Yeah.
>>NOORY: How do you fix that,
and do you speed that up?
>>CHINNIAH: I mean, I am
there to help them understand
and help them shift energy.
And it can obviously
make a difference.
But it works hand in hand
with Western medicine, George.
I'm a firm believer that
everything works together.
It's not about one or the other.
And so often I do have
medical professionals
who will send
patients to me to say
can you just look at from your
perspective what's going on?
And then they'll go back
and receive their treatment
from wherever else.
So I just think it's a
beautiful partnership
between holistic
practices like mine
as well as the Western
medicine that's offered.
>>NOORY: How much of the client
needs to participate with you
to get these things done?
>>CHINNIAH: Sure.
That's a really great question.
I can always tell how
receptive a client is going
to be from the moment I see--
>>NOORY: They walk in.
>>CHINNIAH: Yeah,
when they walk in
or if I'm seeing them on Zoom.
And I will tell them.
I'll be like you need
to let your guard down
a little bit so I
can get in there.
Because some people
naturally are
skeptical or worried
about what I will see.
But I'll always remind clients
you will never get information
that you cannot handle.
But everyone's different.
Like some people are very, very
open and receptive where I'll
be able to see future lives.
And the level of information
I get is mind blowing.
And some people-- that's why
I call it soul progression--
can only handle bits at a time.
But they will get
what they need.
And then they can come
back when they're ready.
And I'll receive a new download.
>>NOORY: Do they try to
hide things from you?
>>CHINNIAH: They know that I'll
be able to see through that.
And I'll often pinpoint--
I'll be like there's
something in this area we
need to talk about, but
perhaps not this time.
We can talk about it when
you're ready to talk about it.
>>NOORY: Open it up.
>>CHINNIAH: We open
it up a little bit.
And we let the client
sort of integrate
that we're going to
discuss it another time.
And then we look at it again.
So I work with the client.
>>NOORY: What would
you say, Gaia,
is your biggest
contribution to society?
>>CHINNIAH: Oh, that's a
really big question, George.
>>NOORY: And I'm
putting it all on you.
>>CHINNIAH: You are.
I think my biggest
contribution to society
is to authentically be myself.
And I know that is about me.
But I think because I have
stepped into my power,
it encourages all of
the people's lives
that I touch to be able
to empower themselves
and see the true beauty
and gifts that they have
and really, really explore
and understand that.
So I think my contribution is to
see people for who they really
are and to really bring
them out of themselves
to trust themselves.
>>NOORY: Do they
know who they are?
>>CHINNIAH: A lot of
the time, they don't.
>>NOORY: I didn't think so.
>>CHINNIAH: A lot of people
were like me prior to 33.
I need to do this.
I need to get my
university degree.
I need to earn this
amount of money.
I need to be married with
children by this age.
And life had a completely
different agenda for me.
But it's been a
crazy, amazing ride.
And because I've embraced
that and gone away
from the conformity of
the society I grew up in,
it encourages people
to find themselves.
>>NOORY: Are you happy?
>>CHINNIAH: Yes, I am.
I am so grateful that
I found this gift
and stepped into it early.
I am like every other human that
has issues and things come up.
But the difference with
me is that I can see
what they're for immediately.
So I don't get stuck in the
pattern of repeating things.
Because I'm able to
lift my perspective
and look down at it,
I can see, oh, Gaia,
you're meant to learn that.
So once we've learned that,
we can move on and let go.
So my ability to let go
has become much easier
to stay in that space.
I like to say that I'm joyful.
I don't strive for happiness.
I just strive for
the middle way.
>>NOORY: If you could change
one thing about what you do,
change one thing,
what would that be?
>>CHINNIAH: If I could change
one thing about what I do,
I'd love to be able
to physically see
more people, George.
Because with the work that I
do, there's only one of me.
That's probably
one of the things
I'd love to be able to just
see more people so that I'm
able to touch more
people's lives
and help them progress
their soul on this journey.
>>NOORY: What's prohibiting
you from doing that?
>>CHINNIAH: Energy levels.
Because when I take
on someone's energy
and have to transmute
that, everyone's different.
>>NOORY: And it weakens you.
>>CHINNIAH: Not weakens me.
It's just because I have
to release the energy.
Depending on how
big the issues were,
it can take me a bit of
time to come back to myself
and feel like myself again.
And then I'm ready to go
again and help somebody else.
>>NOORY: How do people
get ahold of you?
>>CHINNIAH: So I have
a website, www.soul33--
the numerals 33-- dot com.
And I also have an amazing
app, George, that I've created.
And we've got members
all over the world.
So I teach people how to
connect with source there.
We have weekly--
>>NOORY: It's in our App Store.
>>CHINNIAH: Yes,
in your App Stores.
You just have to search Soul 33.
I create amazing
healing meditations.
There's lunar calendars.
There's digital guidance cards.
And we've got meditations
in Spanish and Mandarin.
So that's another amazing
way to connect with me.
And we create a beautiful
community there.
Often people are afraid to
have spiritual conversations
about what they experience.
So I have a group chat
that I facilitate myself
so people can say,
oh my goodness, I
experienced this today,
and I did this meditation.
And I saw a spirit guide or my
grandmother connected with me.
It's a really safe place for
you to say what you truly feel
and not feel judged.
>>NOORY: Gaia, is our
company named after you?
>>CHINNIAH: I hope so.
>>NOORY: You never know.
>>CHINNIAH: You never know.
>>NOORY: Thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>CHINNIAH: Thank you
for having me, George.
>>NOORY: She's got this
incredible ability to heal.
And that's a gift from God.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]